"Laugh and the world laughs with you. Weep and you weep alone." - Oldboy
“Nobody is gonna hit as hard as life, but it ain’t how hard you can hit. It’s how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. It’s how much you can take, and keep moving forward. That’s how winning is done.” – Rocky
"Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get." — Forrest Gump
"I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough wiper! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!" – Monty Python and the Holy Grail
“Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.” — The Godfather Part II
“Life is a game of inches – and the inches we need are everywhere around us. They’re in every break of the game, every minute, every second. On this team we fight for that inch – we claw with our fingernails for that inch – because we know when we add up all those inches, that’s what’s going to make the difference between winning and losing – between living and dying.” — Al Pacino as coach Tony D’Amato in Any Given Sunday
"I am your king." "Well, I didn't vote for you." "You don't vote for kings." "Well how'd you become king then?" "The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. THAT is why I am your king." "Listen, strange women lyin' in ponds distributin' swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony." - Monty Python and the Holy Grail
"He's not the Messiah. He's a very naughty boy! Now, piss off!" - Monthy Python Life of Brian
"Must be a king… He hasn’t got shit all over him.” - Monthy Python and the Holy Grail
"We're sorry to bother you at a time like this, Mrs Twice. We would have come earlier, but your husband wasn't dead then." - Police Squad
"Who are you and how did you get in here?" "I’m a locksmith, and I’m locksmith." - Police Squad
"Wilma, I promise you; whatever scum did this, not one man on this force will rest one minute until he's behind bars. Now, let's grab a bite to eat." - The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!
"You'd better tell the Captain we've got to land as soon as we can. This woman has to be gotten to a hospital." "A hospital? What is it?" "It's a big building with patients, but that's not important right now." - Airplane
"Joey, have you ever been in a... in a Turkish prison?" - Airplane
"He's on life support. Doctors say he's got a 50-50 chance of living, though there's only a ten percent chance of that." - The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!
